---
layout: post
title:  "Soundcloud Covers and OC's!!"
date:   2015-08-16 09:24:00
categories: Music
banner_video: <iframe width="100%" height="450" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=https%3A//api.soundcloud.com/users/29373666&amp;color=ff5500&amp;auto_play=false&amp;hide_related=false&amp;show_comments=true&amp;show_user=true&amp;show_reposts=false"></iframe>
comments: true
---

###Hi friends,
**Music** is something which calms the soul and directly soothes the mind and body together. Some like to listen to it and others who are more blessed with talents of playback, composing; make music!.

My love for music started off pretty early. I was always a choir student in my school. I remember how I used to be the only guy in the front row feeling so shy as I was surrounded by 2 girls on my right and 2 on my left. I learned playing synthesiser when I was in 2<sup>nd</sup> standard. Now apart from singing, I had also started playing synth in the class assembly. 

Numerous competitions and years later I developed a taste for western music when I was introduced to one of the `cult` band of our generation `Linkin Park`. Then later on `EMINEM` became my `Rap-God`. Seeing my passion for music, my grandmother bought me my first acoustic Guitar. Now I wanted to learn **Guitar**!! So there I was learning Guitar at summer classes, at the end of those 15 days I had learnt the basics of it and on the gala night of the classes I even performed with one of the most famous bands in our city `The Oceans`.

Well things went slow until I met one of my friend who played `Electric Guitar`. He inspired me to learn guitar further. So I bought a shining new `ESP-F10` and the journey continued. I joined my college band `Sarhad` performed with them on many occasions, played as a solo artist on separate occasions. Music still remains not a hobby but a passion and the journey continues!!. Here are some of my songs which I have recorded these past few years. I hope you like them. Feel free to comment and let me know your views.

You could find me on [SoundCloud][sc] where my songs have been played more than `15K` times and still counting :) 

[sc]: http://soundcloud.com/abhisheksaxena7